feat: download settlement report - api (#852)
Energinet-DataHub/opengeh-wholesale: source/dotnet/Packages/Client.Documentation/release-notes/release-notes.md

# Wholesale Client Package Release notes

## Version 5.0.11

> Get settlement report for batch id and grid area code.

Reviewer: nit: Perhaps
```suggestion
Added a method to get settlement reports by batch id and grid area code.
```
